very good how are you my dear lovers of the
heart well today I've had you a
little
abandoned I've already lent you busy
with other things with other errands okay I've
recorded a video for the
main channel that will be up in a bit
seeing that today's news was
a little so-so I wasn't really
interested I'm taking a
little I had a partner I
was lazy but I just found out
something that could be mind-blowing it's not
confirmed yet okay but I
think it's going to be confirmed
I insist it's not confirmed yet but
I think it's going to be confirmed in the
next few hours and that is that Martha Riesgo
after her breakup with Antonio Abi
could then have finally accepted
the proposals that she had from
survivor I think that some friend or
friend or friend must have told her listen to me
enjoy life ignore this guy wouldn't it be
the cat and she must have taken it and now she is
okay because yes it's true that they
kept offering it to her and well you will have been
for whatever reason for the wax part
or whatever you will have been then they have
marked an allergy up completely
and given the wonderful to expand the
airport to the  contestants and leaving
and we have already discovered I think that all
this
Alessandro and Tania from
Temptation Island are going to give us a lot of play on
the Lollipop channel and to say about Big
Brother here in Seville
[Music]
I like the casting one is missing one is missing
that I think is going to be the powerful one not the
star there is talk of Enrique Ponce and I
think it could be Enrique Ponce
that it is short the thing that Enrique
Ponce is the star signing of
Survivors
if Marta Risk and Enrique Ponce are confirmed it
would be very good it would be very good
reality family life what do you think
tomorrow I don't know what I'm going to do
tomorrow I don't know if I'll take it off
free too what depends depends
okay depends on how he behaves and here in
the comments box and in the likes
we see each other people